
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    64758000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   64758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 610635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   610062                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6117087273                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 638532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        6453                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          6453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data            10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               28544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        17792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          17792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst               278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data               168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                  446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst           274745977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data           166033540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              440779518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      274745977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         274745977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst          274745977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data          166033540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             440779518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                          446                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                        446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                   28544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    28544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                       64501000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                    446                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                      446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     264.533333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    181.831163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    249.307389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            27     25.71%     25.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255           40     38.10%     63.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           10      9.52%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511            9      8.57%     81.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      6.67%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      5.71%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.95%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      4.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                       6134000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 14496500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                     2230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13753.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32503.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        440.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     440.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                       337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      144621.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                    314160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                    163185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                  1542240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          4917120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy               3812160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy                131040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy         22575420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy          2515200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy                35970525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             555.454282                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime              55623250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         77000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF        2080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      6549500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        6531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     49520250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                    464100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    235290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                  1642200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                       0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          4917120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy               4174680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy                251520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy         24338430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy           604800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy                36628140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             565.609126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime              54728750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF        2080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      1573250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        7457000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN     53364750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                         1190                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          7                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                     1197                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                         865                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         3                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                     868                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                         2055                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                         10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                     2065                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                        6464                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        17                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                    6481                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    17                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                            64758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        6453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          6453                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  6380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     10                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         251                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          759                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         6380                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            10                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                8392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               4621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    8                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   2                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          2065                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        1197                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        868                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      64758                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              1060                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                    19      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      4376     67.71%     68.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        1      0.02%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     68.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       2      0.03%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     1196     18.51%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     861     13.32%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   1      0.02%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  7      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       6463                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           104.399751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                1887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.232143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   104.399751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.101953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.101953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.164062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              4278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses             4278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         1095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data          792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            792                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             1887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            1887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     10261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7802000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7802000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     18063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     18063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     18063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     18063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          865                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         2055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         2055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         2055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 108010.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108010.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 106876.712329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106876.712329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 107517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     10071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7656000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7656000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17727000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17727000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 106010.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106010.526316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 104876.712329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104876.712329                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 105517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                62                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           113.445692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                6183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             22.003559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   113.445692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.443147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.443147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.855469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             13209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            13209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            6183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          6183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30557000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         6464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         6464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         6464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         6464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108743.772242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108743.772242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108743.772242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108743.772242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 108743.772242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108743.772242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106743.772242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106743.772242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106743.772242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106743.772242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 106743.772242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106743.772242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            511                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           63                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops                0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                62                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 73                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                73                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            376                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side          336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                     960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                    28736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoops                                 0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                           0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples                449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.002227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.047193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      448     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                        1      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total                  449                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy               511000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              843000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy              504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              232.606847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                     65                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                  446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 0.145740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   128.152617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   104.454231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.031287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.025502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.056789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.108887                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                 4534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses                4534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total             73                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data            168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total               446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst           278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data           168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total              446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      7437000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7437000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29087000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9786000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     38873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     17223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     46310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     29087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     17223000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     46310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          376                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total            449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.992021                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.993318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.993318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 101876.712329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101876.712329                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104629.496403                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 103010.526316                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104217.158177                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104629.496403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103834.080717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 104629.496403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 102517.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103834.080717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           95                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5977000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5977000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23527000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31413000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     13863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.989324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81876.712329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81876.712329                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84629.496403                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 83010.526316                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84217.158177                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84629.496403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83834.080717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 84629.496403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82517.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83834.080717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           446                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     64758000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port          892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   28544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     446    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
