
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                            18414287723                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 264992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu                     64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                   64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu              853312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            853312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu                       1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                     1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu                  13333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                13333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu                       640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                     640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu                  8533120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                8533120                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu                  8533760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                8533760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numPackets                           13334                       # Number of packets generated
system.cpu.numRetries                               1                       # Number of retries
system.cpu.retryTicks                            1672                       # Time spent waiting due to back-pressure (ticks)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port        26668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            66667328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           13338000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.monitor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100000000000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::samples            1                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::0-3             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::4-7             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::64-67            1    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::total            1                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        13333                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::0-3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::4-7            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::64-67        13333    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::total        13333                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::mean            640                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::gmean             0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::stdev          6400                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::0-4095           99     99.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::4096-8191            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::16384-20479            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::20480-24575            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::24576-28671            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::28672-32767            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::32768-36863            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::36864-40959            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::40960-45055            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::45056-49151            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::49152-53247            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::61440-65535            1      1.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::total           100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageReadBandwidth               640      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalReadBytes                      64                       # Number of bytes read
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::mean       8533120                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 42014178.909506                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07           96     96.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            4      4.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::total          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageWriteBandwidth          8533120      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalWrittenBytes               853312                       # Number of bytes written
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::samples             1                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::mean            35000                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::gmean    35000.000000                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::stdev             nan                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::0-2047              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::34816-36863            1    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::total               1                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::samples        13333                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::mean    39000.024601                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::gmean   39000.024498                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::stdev       2.840599                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::0-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959        13333    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::total          13333                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.ittReadRead::samples                 0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::mean                  nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::stdev                 nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::underflows              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::1-5000                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::5001-10000              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::10001-15000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::15001-20000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::20001-25000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::25001-30000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::30001-35000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::35001-40000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::40001-45000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::45001-50000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::50001-55000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::55001-60000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::60001-65000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::65001-70000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::70001-75000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::75001-80000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::80001-85000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::85001-90000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::90001-95000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::overflows               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::min_value               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::max_value               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::total                   0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::samples           13332                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::mean       255099.334533                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::stdev      14999776.110169                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000        13328     99.97%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::overflows             4      0.03%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::min_value         30000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::max_value    1000040000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::total             13332                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::samples               13333                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::mean           255080.552014                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::stdev          14999213.708558                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::1-5000                    1      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::25001-30000           13328     99.96%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::30001-35000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::35001-40000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::40001-45000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::45001-50000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::50001-55000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::55001-60000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::60001-65000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::65001-70000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::70001-75000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::75001-80000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::80001-85000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::85001-90000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::90001-95000               0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::95001-100000              0      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::overflows                 4      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::min_value              4672                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::max_value        1000040000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::total                 13333                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::0            100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::total          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::0           100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::1             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::2             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::3             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::4             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::5             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::6             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::7             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::8             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::9             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::total          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.readTransHist::samples             100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::mean           0.010000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::gmean                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::stdev          0.100000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::0                    99     99.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::1                     1      1.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::2                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::3                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::9                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::10                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::11                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::12                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::13                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::14                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::15                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::16                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::17                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::18                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::19                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::total               100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::samples            100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::mean        133.330000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::stdev       656.471545                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::0-255               96     96.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::256-511              0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::512-767              0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::768-1023             0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%     96.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3328-3583            4      4.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4352-4607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::total              100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::samples            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::mean          nan                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::gmean          nan                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::stdev          nan                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::0            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::1            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::2            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::3            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::4            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::5            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::6            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::7            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::8            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::9            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::10            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::11            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::12            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::13            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::14            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::15            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLinearHist::total            0                       # Reads linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.readLogHist::samples            0                       # Reads logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::samples         6677                       # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::mean  3330.175827                       # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::gmean  3328.329174                       # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::stdev    69.301570                       # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::0-255            1      0.01%      0.01% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.01% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::512-767            1      0.01%      0.03% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::768-1023            1      0.01%      0.04% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.04% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.04% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::1536-1791            2      0.03%      0.07% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::1792-2047            1      0.01%      0.09% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.09% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.09% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.09% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::2816-3071            1      0.01%      0.10% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::3072-3327            1      0.01%      0.12% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::3328-3583         6666     99.84%     99.96% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::3584-3839            2      0.03%     99.99% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::3840-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLinearHist::total         6677                       # Writes linear distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLogHist::samples         6677                       # Writes logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLogHist::7            1                       # Writes logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLogHist::9            2                       # Writes logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLogHist::10            3                       # Writes logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.writeLogHist::11         6671                       # Writes logarithmic distribution
system.monitor.stackdist.infinity                6657                       # Number of requests with infinite stack distance

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
