
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.230834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5230834315000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5230834315000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 207627                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   410431                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2662189440                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 751184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1964.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   407959263                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     806441023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         7872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1022720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10555840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11615232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1022720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1022720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9293760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9293760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker          123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              15980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             164935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                181488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          145215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               145215                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker           1505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               195518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2018003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2220531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          195518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             195518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1776726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1776726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1776726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker          1505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              195518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2018003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3997258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        181488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       145215                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      181488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     145215                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11596608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     18624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9292096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11615232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9293760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               11363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              11374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              12058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              11821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              11247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                8729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                9019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          10                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5230834265500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  181488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 145215                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    166675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     8265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     8380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     9831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     9257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    10500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     8515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     8071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     8097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                     1363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        71822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      290.839019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     172.771532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     314.503983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28254     39.34%     39.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17135     23.86%     63.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7363     10.25%     73.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4141      5.77%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2915      4.06%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2283      3.18%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1315      1.83%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1115      1.55%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7301     10.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          71822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          6865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        26.391843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      580.532608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           6864     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            6865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          6865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        21.149162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.881845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       15.152110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            5944     86.58%     86.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             183      2.67%     89.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              31      0.45%     89.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              44      0.64%     90.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              19      0.28%     90.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              17      0.25%     90.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             108      1.57%     92.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               6      0.09%     92.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51             159      2.32%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              12      0.17%     95.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59              10      0.15%     95.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              18      0.26%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             123      1.79%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               3      0.04%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               4      0.06%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              32      0.47%     97.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83             120      1.75%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               1      0.01%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.01%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.01%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            13      0.19%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.01%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.01%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             5      0.07%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.01%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             1      0.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.01%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            6865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2046328821                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5443772571                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    905985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11293.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30043.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     147319                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    107244                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     16010977.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      77.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  266013720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  145146375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 695643000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                464194800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           341652642240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           136227969945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           3019002265500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             3498453875580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.813765                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5022288614990                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    174669040000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     33876500010                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  276960600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  151119375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 717685800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                476629920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           341652642240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           136555945380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           3018714567750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             3498545551065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.831291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5021804288475                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    174669040000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     34360826525                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                94759510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          94759510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2569243                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             91334471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 2549727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             537871                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        91334471                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           76457686                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses         14876785                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted      1743030                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                        480891878                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           31923465                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      465887359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    94759510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           79007413                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     440671990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 5255038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     191860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                57153                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        353002                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           55                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          773                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                  12757750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               1092264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    5767                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          475825817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.921076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.087709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                301327473     63.33%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2357212      0.50%     63.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 72486885     15.23%     79.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1661724      0.35%     79.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2316398      0.49%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2498634      0.53%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1681394      0.35%     80.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  2034597      0.43%     81.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 89461500     18.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            475825817                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.197050                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.968799                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 27555997                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             279962496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 157784659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               7895146                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                2627519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              893342997                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                2627519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 31132089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               232770175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       13972853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 161343580                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              33979601                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              881934442                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                459863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               11536689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 128312                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               19728876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1046728889                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1924876453                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1183291014                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               238                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             964344248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 82384633                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             601367                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         610252                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  38099382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             22094008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            12941388                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1476239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1186105                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  863334374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1274378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 846301447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           1080231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        58167725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     86490196                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         262880                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     475825817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.778595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.407570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           287398661     60.40%     60.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            14176451      2.98%     63.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            10047775      2.11%     65.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             7166598      1.51%     67.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            75162617     15.80%     82.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             5098284      1.07%     83.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            73991117     15.55%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1833450      0.39%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              950864      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       475825817                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 2341238     73.82%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     73.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 650739     20.52%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                179640      5.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            356316      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             813370459     96.11%     96.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               158919      0.02%     96.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                125217      0.01%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  33      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             21536842      2.54%     98.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            10753661      1.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              846301447                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.759858                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3171617                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003748                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2172680182                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         922790965                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    836180835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 376                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                370                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          124                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              849116572                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     176                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1830080                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8142730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        39108                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        18452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4524667                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2096489                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         69686                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                2627519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               209544850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              15006849                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           864608752                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            226211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              22094027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             12941388                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             792823                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 380512                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              13811616                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          18452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         814414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2555334                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3369748                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             840380811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              20115901                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5466441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     30041341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 84810471                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9925440                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.747546                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      839049436                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     836180959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 651539387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1065055120                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.738813                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.611742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        58084156                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1011498                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           2594633                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    466580325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.728408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.632712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    295124018     63.25%     63.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11517659      2.47%     65.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3731538      0.80%     66.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     74584029     15.99%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2769867      0.59%     83.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1676646      0.36%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1039317      0.22%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     71088407     15.24%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5048844      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    466580325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            407959263                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              806441023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       22368017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      13951296                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      447981                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   82209281                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 735219945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1155854                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       172239      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        783638607     97.17%     97.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          143690      0.02%     97.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121021      0.02%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             16      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        13948729      1.73%     98.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8416721      1.04%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         806441023                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               5048844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1325977641                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1738470998                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          409236                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         5066061                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   9980774176                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                   407959263                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     806441023                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.178774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.178774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.848339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.848339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1112363546                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               669949193                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       124                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 420347609                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                325273387                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               273375214                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 400822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1703381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.994824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            21315243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1703893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             12.509731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          65900500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.994824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          329                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          97435588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         97435588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     13163533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13163533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8077773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8077773                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        71009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         71009                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      21241306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         21241306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     21312315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        21312315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1883327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1883327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       329239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       329239                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       408040                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       408040                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2212566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2212566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2620606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2620606                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31677233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31677233500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20451778744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20451778744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  52129012244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52129012244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  52129012244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52129012244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     15046860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15046860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8407012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8407012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       479049                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       479049                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     23453872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     23453872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     23932921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     23932921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851771                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.851771                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.094337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16819.826562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16819.826562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62118.335750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62118.335750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23560.432658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23560.432658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19891.968592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19891.968592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       529664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.131681                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    96.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1592887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1592887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       868287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       868287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        42120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        42120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       910407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       910407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       910407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       910407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1015040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1015040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       287119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       287119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       404591                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       404591                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1302159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1302159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1706750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1706750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587450                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587450                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15261276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15261276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18535708244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18535708244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6777922000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6777922000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33796984244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33796984244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40574906244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40574906244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  98117221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  98117221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  98117221000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  98117221000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034152                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.844571                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.844571                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.055520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 15035.147383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15035.147383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64557.581505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64557.581505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16752.527861                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16752.527861                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25954.575627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25954.575627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23773.198327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23773.198327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 171092.113707                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171092.113707                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 167022.250404                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167022.250404                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements       148390                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.865349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       319136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs       148405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     2.150440                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 195927668000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    15.865349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.991584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses      1086216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses      1086216                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       319137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       319137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       319137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       319137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       319137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       319137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       149314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       149314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       149314                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1956836500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1956836500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1956836500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1956836500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1956836500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1956836500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       468451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       468451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       468451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       468451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       468451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       468451                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 13105.512544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13105.512544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 13105.512544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13105.512544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 13105.512544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13105.512544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        35466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        35466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       149314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       149314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker       149314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       149314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1807522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1807522500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1807522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1807522500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker   1807522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1807522500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12105.512544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12105.512544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12105.512544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12105.512544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12105.512544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12105.512544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1273398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.770567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11313989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1273910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.881310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      150946764500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.770567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.997599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          14031709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         14031709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     11313989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11313989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      11313989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11313989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     11313989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11313989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1443748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1443748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1443748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1443748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1443748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1443748                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20254966986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20254966986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20254966986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20254966986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20254966986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20254966986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     12757737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     12757737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12757737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     12757737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12757737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.113166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.113166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.113166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14029.433797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14029.433797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14029.433797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14029.433797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14029.433797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14029.433797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10512                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.786802                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   233.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1273398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1273398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       169776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       169776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       169776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       169776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst       169776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       169776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1273972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1273972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1273972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1273972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1273972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1273972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17329222989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17329222989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17329222989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17329222989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  17329222989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17329222989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13602.514803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.514803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13602.514803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.514803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13602.514803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13602.514803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        15042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     8.049036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        49432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        15055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     3.283427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5151195295500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     8.049036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.503065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.503065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       146624                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       146624                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        49439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        49439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        49441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        49441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        49441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        49441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        15914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        15914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        15914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    193233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    193233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    193233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    193233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    193233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        65353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        65353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        65355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        65355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        65355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        65355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12142.327510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.327510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12142.327510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.327510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12142.327510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12142.327510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3121                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        15914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    177319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    177319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    177319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.243501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11142.327510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11142.327510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11142.327510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11142.327510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11142.327510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11142.327510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           108236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64755.938748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            5712490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           172394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            33.136246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 48931.543804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    58.288371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     3.037525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3440.033923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 12323.035126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.746636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.052491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.188035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3980                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        57082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.978973                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         49981831                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        49981831                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1631474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1631474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1270391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total      1270391                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          340                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       157196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       157196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst      1257840                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1257840                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       140642                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        13110                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1380239                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1533991                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       140642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        13110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1257840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1537435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2949027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       140642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        13110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1257840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1537435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2949027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1498                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       127805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       127805                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        15982                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        15982                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          124                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        38662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        38793                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       166467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        182580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       166467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       182580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     60579000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     60579000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16318726500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16318726500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2135667000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2135667000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     17077500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       945500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5106603500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5124626500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     17077500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2135667000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  21425330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23579020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     17077500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2135667000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  21425330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23579020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1631474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1631474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1270391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1270391                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1838                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       285001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       285001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1273822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1273822                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       140766                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        13117                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1418901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1572784                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       140766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        13117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1273822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1703902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      3131607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       140766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        13117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1273822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1703902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      3131607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.815016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.815016                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.448437                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012546                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.012546                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000881                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027248                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024665                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40439.919893                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40439.919893                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127684.570244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127684.570244                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 133629.520711                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133629.520711                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 137721.774194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 135071.428571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 132083.272981                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132101.835383                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 137721.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 135071.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 133629.520711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128706.169992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129143.498740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 137721.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 135071.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 133629.520711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 128706.169992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129143.498740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        98548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            98548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       127805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       127805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15980                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        15980                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          123                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        38662                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        38792                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       166467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       182577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       166467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       182577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587450                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587450                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    102897000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102897000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15040676500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15040676500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1975642505                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1975642505                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     15740000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       875500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4799287008                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4815902508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     15740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       875500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1975642505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19839963508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21832221513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker     15740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       875500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1975642505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19839963508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21832221513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  90948626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  90948626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  90948626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  90948626000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.815016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815016                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.448437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.012545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.097698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68689.586115                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68689.586115                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117684.570244                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117684.570244                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123632.196809                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123632.196809                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 127967.479675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 125071.428571                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124134.473333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124146.795937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 127967.479675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 125071.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123632.196809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119182.561757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119578.158875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 127967.479675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 125071.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 123632.196809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119182.561757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119578.158875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 158591.860863                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158591.860863                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 154819.348030                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 154819.348030                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6286174                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3130505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       100234                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1075                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1075                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         573476                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3431921                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         13974                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13974                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1776699                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1273398                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       245932                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       285009                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       285009                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1273972                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1585641                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq         1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          611                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3821192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6291134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        44073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       438470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          10594869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    163022080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    212667383                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1039232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     11278848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          388007543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      217979                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3938524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.026221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.178796                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3847922     97.70%     97.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              77931      1.98%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              12671      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3938524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     6348684473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       630788                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1913086215                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3138237012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      23891458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     224120198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               212035                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              212035                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57756                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57756                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       400004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         2308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       444328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  542914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       200002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         4477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       228450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3262914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3997256                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy             10437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                93500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                59000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy            300003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy              1177000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            24512500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               11500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           242091318                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1227500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           433292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            50166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1666000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47572                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.366690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5003383592000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.366690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.022918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.022918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428643                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47627                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    150838200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150838200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5868267118                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5868267118                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6019105318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6019105318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6019105318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6019105318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166304.520397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166304.520397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 125605.032491                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125605.032491                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 126380.106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126380.106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 126380.106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126380.106200                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           266                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105488200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105488200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3530357439                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3530357439                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3635845639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635845639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3635845639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3635845639                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 116304.520397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116304.520397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 75564.157513                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75564.157513                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76340.009637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76340.009637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76340.009637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76340.009637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              573476                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             628544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       145215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            10528                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2175                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            127539                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           127538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         55679                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       444328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio       730572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       473091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1649213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        95642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        95642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1748187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       228450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio      1461141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17893952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     19583543                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22605247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1549                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            976982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.001705                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.041259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  975316     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1666      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              976982                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           338839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           368956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3998744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           991501459                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy              741500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2332744                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2123206000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy            4681146                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
