
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.926422                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1926421638000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1926421638000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1739419                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1739418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            59628989604                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 334072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    32.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56195014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56195014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            844672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24856896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25702528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       844672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          844672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7408960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7408960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115765                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               438467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12903144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13342109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          438467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             438467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3845970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3845970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3845970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              438467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12903144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17188079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401602                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115765                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401602                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115765                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25695552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7408000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25702528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7408960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      109                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          65                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1926409764500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401602                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115765                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     6959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        63476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      521.512887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     315.060266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     415.295929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14957     23.56%     23.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11430     18.01%     41.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4320      6.81%     48.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3081      4.85%     53.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3222      5.08%     58.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1508      2.38%     60.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1584      2.50%     63.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          999      1.57%     64.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22375     35.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          63476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        79.519311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2969.676150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5046     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.925332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.953728                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.991500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4538     89.88%     89.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              34      0.67%     90.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             165      3.27%     93.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47               7      0.14%     93.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               1      0.02%     93.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              14      0.28%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               8      0.16%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               5      0.10%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              34      0.67%     95.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               2      0.04%     95.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            141      2.79%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            16      0.32%     98.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119            13      0.26%     98.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             3      0.06%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             6      0.12%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             6      0.12%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             3      0.06%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             2      0.04%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            12      0.24%     99.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             4      0.08%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            13      0.26%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            10      0.20%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             1      0.02%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             1      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             6      0.12%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             2      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     6110922250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13638916000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2007465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15220.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33970.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     360225                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93542                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3723487.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  220840200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  117379350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1432076940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                299763720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           5519467200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             5038088640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              365587680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       13029981120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy        6359365440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy       449603503800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             481990544460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              250.199922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           1914259413500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      611958500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      2347892000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1869275787500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16560859500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9050522500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  28574618000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  232378440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  123512070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1434583080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                304451280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           5706932400.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             5156813940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              361085280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       13650484260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy        6593796000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy       449082763260                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             482651694330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              250.543123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           1914156494000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      598122250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2427510000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1867055047500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17171481750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9234080250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  29935396250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9066536                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10331                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728865                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6357492                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1143                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291932                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15424028                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11474                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020797                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4975201                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5010                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4980211                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               12758                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          6379                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     281128919.971939                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    439406494.656653                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows            1      0.02%      0.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6378     99.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6379                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    133100257499                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1793321380501                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3852843276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6379                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     212049                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74911     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1934      1.06%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106246     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183222                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73544     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1934      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73544     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149153                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1859428733000     96.52%     96.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                94503000      0.00%     96.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               772464500      0.04%     96.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             66125203500      3.43%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1926420904000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981752                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692205                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814056                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4177      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175997     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6834      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5159      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192947                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5906                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1908                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1738                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323061                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081107                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.391786                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        47043334000      2.44%      2.44% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5370278500      0.28%      2.72% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1874007289500     97.28%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4178                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56195014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56195014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52066552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324460                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483758                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6469897                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52066552                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324460                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71340789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38530081                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166520                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15476659                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9103400                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6373259                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3586642761.000138                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               266200514.999862                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.069092                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.930908                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8424278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3201027      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36239709     64.48%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    61024      0.11%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38087      0.07%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9185894     16.34%     86.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6241230     11.10%     97.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              144629      0.26%     98.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             138108      0.25%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953511      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56206855                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1390804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.976541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14051759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1391316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.099617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         121311500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.976541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63163621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63163621                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7815914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7815914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5853567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5853567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13669481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13669481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13669481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13669481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304322                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33050329500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33050329500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  13442227500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13442227500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    232507000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    232507000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  46492557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46492557000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  46492557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46492557000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8885648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8885648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6157889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6157889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15043537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15043537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15043537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15043537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086269                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30895.839059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30895.839059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44171.067159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44171.067159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13456.823706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13456.823706                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33835.998678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33835.998678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 33835.998678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33835.998678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31980595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31980595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13137905500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13137905500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    215229000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215229000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45118501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45118501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45118501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45118501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1533908500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533908500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1533908500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533908500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120389                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086269                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086269                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29895.839059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29895.839059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43171.067159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43171.067159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12456.823706                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12456.823706                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32835.998678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32835.998678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32835.998678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32835.998678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221343.217893                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221343.217893                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 92504.432517                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92504.432517                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.830405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55277500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            929196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.489602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       44439092500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.830405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.991856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57136212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57136212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55277500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55277500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55277500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55277500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55277500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55277500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13310087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13310087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13310087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13310087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13310087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13310087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56206856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56206856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56206856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56206856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56206856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56206856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14321.838994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14321.838994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14321.838994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14321.838994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14321.838994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14321.838994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       928685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            928685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12380731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12380731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12380731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12380731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12380731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12380731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13321.838994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13321.838994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13321.838994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13321.838994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13321.838994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13321.838994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65387.710870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4236311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.540211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       7724199000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   234.658565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4730.574877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 60422.477428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.003581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.921974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59935                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         37511410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        37511410                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       835203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       835203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       928452                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       928452                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187488                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187488                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       916138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       916138                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       815038                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       815038                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       916138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1002526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       916138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1002526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116817                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116817                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13198                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        401989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       401989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       246500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       246500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10708900500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10708900500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1353922000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1353922000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21993208500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21993208500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1353922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  32702109000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  34056031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1353922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  32702109000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  34056031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       835203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       835203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       928452                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       928452                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       929336                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1087012                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1087012                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       929336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383881                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014202                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        49300                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        49300                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91672.449215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91672.449215                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102585.391726                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102585.391726                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80865.113945                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80865.113945                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102585.391726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84112.309699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84718.813201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 102585.391726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84112.309699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84718.813201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74253                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116817                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13198                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271974                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16582                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9540730500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9540730500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1221942000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221942000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19273468500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19273468500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1221942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28814199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30036141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1221942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28814199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30036141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447252500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447252500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447252500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447252500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        39300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        39300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81672.449215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81672.449215                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92585.391726                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92585.391726                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70865.113945                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70865.113945                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92585.391726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74112.309699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74718.813201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 92585.391726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74112.309699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74718.813201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208838.744589                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208838.744589                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 87278.524907                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87278.524907                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4640179                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2319543                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1996                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          884                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          884                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2023455                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9652                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9652                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       909456                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       928685                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       817745                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304305                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304305                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       929356                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1087173                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          219                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2787377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4206794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6994171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    118913344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142551908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          261465252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      336955                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4763520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2674049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.001078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.032812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2671167     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2882      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2674049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4097094500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       293883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1394034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2098740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51204                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51204                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               757500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15813000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1891500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6041500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216206774                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.342515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1760392723000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.342515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.083907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.083907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21848883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21848883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4937049891                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4937049891                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4958898774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4958898774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4958898774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4958898774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126294.121387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126294.121387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118816.179510                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118816.179510                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118847.184518                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118847.184518                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 118847.184518                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118847.184518                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          175                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13198883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13198883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2857005811                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2857005811                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2870204694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870204694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2870204694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2870204694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76294.121387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76294.121387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68757.359718                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68757.359718                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68788.608604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68788.608604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 68788.608604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68788.608604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        821141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       378172                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          503                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       115765                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261592                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116686                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1139253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1172417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1255842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30453760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30498340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33156068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            460301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001419                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.037638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  459648     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     653      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              460301                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30123500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1287046834                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2142988500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            1022522                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1926421638000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
