
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.893228                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1893227678500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1893227678500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31053                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31053                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1047239405                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 384600                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1807.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56138739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56138739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1046400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24860352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25907712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1046400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1046400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7566528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7566528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                404808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               118227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               552707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13131200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13684414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          552707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             552707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3996629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3996629                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3996629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              552707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13131200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17681043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        404808                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       118227                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      404808                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     118227                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25900800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7564480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25907712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7566528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          72                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1893218795000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  404808                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 118227                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                      242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                      332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                      231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        63391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      527.918474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     322.301426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     413.348187                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14401     22.72%     22.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11109     17.52%     40.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4782      7.54%     47.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3159      4.98%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2221      3.50%     56.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2316      3.65%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1932      3.05%     62.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1599      2.52%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        21872     34.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          63391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        77.317348                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2918.457754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5231     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.582155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.722612                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       24.927693                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4724     90.26%     90.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              39      0.75%     91.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             163      3.11%     94.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47               4      0.08%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55               3      0.06%     94.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              11      0.21%     94.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               8      0.15%     94.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               2      0.04%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              33      0.63%     95.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               4      0.08%     95.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            144      2.75%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111            23      0.44%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             9      0.17%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             3      0.06%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             7      0.13%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             3      0.06%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             1      0.02%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            10      0.19%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             5      0.10%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191            14      0.27%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199            10      0.19%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::200-207             3      0.06%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             5      0.10%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             2      0.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::264-271             1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::272-279             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::352-359             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     5912751750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               13500876750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2023500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14610.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33360.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363798                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     95706                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3619678.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  222139680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  118070040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1444636200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                306899460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           4706913120.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             4768209600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy              303610560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actPowerDownEnergy       10937646210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.prePowerDownEnergy        5541404160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.selfRefreshEnergy       443214367815                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             471564552855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              249.079684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.totalIdleTime           1881862215000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      479498250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1999510000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1843562153500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14430696500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      8769616250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23986204000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  230472060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  122498805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1444921800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                310078440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           4819392240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             4890695190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy              314585760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actPowerDownEnergy       11137759530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.prePowerDownEnergy        5641159680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.selfRefreshEnergy       443008801920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             471922426215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              249.268712                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.totalIdleTime           1881676600250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      514596250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      2047516000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1842563195250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14690458500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8987140500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24424772000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                15251875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13114549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            526465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             12070936                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4577345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             37.920382                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  863154                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              33512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6526029                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             541717                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          5984312                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       221941                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9319487                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      17755                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           211                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   764786                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6392965                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2560                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          158                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  298884                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15712452                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      20315                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           369                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1063670                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4023125                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6293                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          687                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4029418                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               12752                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     281784609.786700                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    439970621.768515                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6376    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       121000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     96569006500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1796658672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        193159059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56138739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56138739                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2973387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                      6376                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3593296298                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.cpi                               3.440745                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.290635                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass             3199075      5.70%      5.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                36194440     64.47%     70.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  60814      0.11%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                 38079      0.07%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                  3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                9174678     16.34%     86.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6234348     11.11%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            144497      0.26%     98.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           137980      0.25%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess               951192      1.69%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                 56138739                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211522                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74796     40.93%     40.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1905      1.04%     42.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105900     57.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182732                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73429     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1905      1.28%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73429     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148894                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1837688968000     97.07%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                86405500      0.00%     97.07% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               711997500      0.04%     97.11% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             54739315500      2.89%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1893226686500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981724                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.693381                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814822                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4173      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175565     91.22%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6808      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5130      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192456                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5875                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1736                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1904                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1736                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   168                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324085                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080229                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392375                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        37303090500      1.97%      1.97% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           4315388500      0.23%      2.20% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1851608197500     97.80%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4174                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.tickCycles                        85358190                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       107800869                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1394352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.980074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            13943564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1394864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.996361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          99338500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.980074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63916074                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63916074                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7983580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7983580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5577346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5577346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199016                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199016                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13560926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13560926                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13560926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13560926                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1096421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1096421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       573901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573901                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        16452                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16452                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1670322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1670322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1670322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1670322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  33580747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33580747500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25364054000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  25364054000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    223095000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    223095000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  58944801500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  58944801500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  58944801500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  58944801500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9080001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9080001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6151247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200038                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200038                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199016                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199016                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15231248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15231248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15231248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15231248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093298                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082244                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082244                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30627.603357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30627.603357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44195.870019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44195.870019                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13560.357403                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13560.357403                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35289.484004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35289.484004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35289.484004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35289.484004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       837673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            837673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       269878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       269878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291859                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1074440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1074440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304023                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16449                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1378463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1378463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32016506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32016506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12938125500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12938125500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    205942500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205942500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44954631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44954631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  44954631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44954631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534159000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534159000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049425                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082229                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29798.319124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29798.319124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 42556.403627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42556.403627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12520.062010                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12520.062010                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32612.142292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32612.142292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 32612.142292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32612.142292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221379.365079                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221379.365079                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 92681.628708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92681.628708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1477259                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.256262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            19240724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1477770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             13.020107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       36168160500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.256262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22196619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22196619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     19240727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        19240727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      19240727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         19240727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     19240727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        19240727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1477946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1477946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1477946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20694155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20694155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20694155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20694155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20694155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20694155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20718673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20718673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     20718673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     20718673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     20718673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     20718673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14001.969625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14001.969625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14001.969625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14001.969625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14001.969625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14001.969625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1477259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1477259                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1477946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1477946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1477946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1477946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19216209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19216209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  19216209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19216209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13001.969625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13001.969625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13001.969625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13001.969625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13001.969625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13001.969625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           339629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65408.640121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            5336861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           405151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            13.172523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6812650000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   268.308507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  5784.509565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 59355.822049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.905698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          585                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         46345268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        46345268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       837673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       837673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1476684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total      1476684                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187384                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst      1461541                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1461541                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       818635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       818635                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1461541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1006019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2467560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1461541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1006019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2467560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16351                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       272221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       272221                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        405222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       405222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       331500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       331500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10508664000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10508664000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1613902000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1613902000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21967740000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21967740000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1613902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  32476404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  34090306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1613902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  32476404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  34090306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       837673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1476684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1476684                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304034                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1477892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1477892                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1090856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1090856                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1477892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1394890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2872782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1477892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1394890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2872782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.249548                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 90087.132447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90087.132447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98703.565531                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98703.565531                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80698.182727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80698.182727                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98703.565531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83514.594814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84127.480739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 98703.565531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83514.594814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84127.480739                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        76715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            76715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        16351                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       272221                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       272221                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       271500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       271500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9342164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9342164000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1450392000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1450392000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19248668000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19248668000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1450392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28590832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30041224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1450392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28590832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30041224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447515000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447515000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        45250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        45250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80087.132447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80087.132447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88703.565531                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88703.565531                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70709.710125                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70709.710125                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88703.565531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73522.664328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74135.224642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 88703.565531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73522.664328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74135.224642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208876.623377                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208876.623377                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 87447.290521                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87447.290521                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5744469                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2871707                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         2386                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          999                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          999                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2575864                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       914388                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1477259                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       819593                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304034                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304034                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1477946                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091017                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          237                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4433097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4217440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8650537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    189129664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142936828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          332066492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      340239                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4923200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3229438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.001049                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.032373                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3226050     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               3388      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3229438                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5200254500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       292883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2217065706                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2104067991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51175                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2705956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              180500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5971500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               90500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216263272                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23483000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.299521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1735874841000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.299521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.081220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.081220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     29884383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29884383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4948356889                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4948356889                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4978241272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4978241272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4978241272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4978241272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 172742.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172742.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119088.296327                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119088.296327                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119310.755470                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119310.755470                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119310.755470                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119310.755470                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          1846                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21234383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21234383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2868303297                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2868303297                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2889537680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889537680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2889537680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2889537680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122742.098266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122742.098266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69029.247617                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69029.247617                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69251.951588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69251.951588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 69251.951588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69251.951588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        827499                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       381391                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          524                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9623                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       118227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              138                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116518                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        288745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           24                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp          124                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1148786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1181940                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1265365                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30816512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30860860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33518588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              558                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            463506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.038105                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  462832     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     674      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              463506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1319436087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2160035750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy            1079521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1893227678500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
