
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  15492                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 258096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    39.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               63054672                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      609352                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.002480                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2480212000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.011975                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.988025                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                         4944742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.num_insts                          156931                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu0.num_refs                            47256                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu0.workload.PROG:numSyscalls              89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012259                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987741                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                         4944666                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.num_insts                          152657                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu1.num_refs                            51452                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                         4960424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.num_insts                          146173                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu2.num_refs                            67815                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.011794                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.988206                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                         4944758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.num_insts                          153591                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu3.num_refs                            50671                       # Number of memory references

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
